---
layout: post
title: "d1f24754334d87012607febe3599a9d2"
date: 2022-04-03 3:30:30 +1000
comments: false
tweets: true
---

{% inline elongated.html %}
NTM2ZiA2ODY1NzI2NSA3NzY1IDYxNzI2NTJjIDYxNjY3NDY1NzIgNjE2YzZjIDc0Njg2OTczIDc0Njk2ZDY1MmUgNTc2ODYxNzQgNmY2ZSA2NTYxNzI3NDY4IDY4NjE3MyA2MjY1NjU2ZSA2NzZmNjk2ZTY3IDZmNmUzZg==
{% endinline %}

<!-- more --> 

Let's get the cryptics out of the way. It has been a *while* since anything major has happened, and for that, I take full responsibility.

It's been a tough year personally, even without factoring in the ongoing pandemic. I won't get into it too much here, but suffice to say, I haven't been able to put out much of anything, so please excuse my absence in that regard.

Now, onto why we're *really* here.

{% inline elongated.html %}
## MHg1NDY4Njk3MyAweDY5NzMgMHg2MSAweDY0NjU2ZDZmNmU3Mzc0NzI2MTc0Njk2ZjZl
{% endinline %}

{% include xkcd.html comic=1437 comment="*We lost the Spiral Program*" %}

Slowly, in between the horrors of reality, I've been piecing together a new feature set for Spiral[^596573], using an even *more* sophisticated CLI. Supposedly.

Now, I can hear all your angry comments. "Brella, you did this exact thing like a year ago".

And... yeah, it's true.

But the *other* part isn't, which is I've been refining a few different skills, and I've been rethinking a few points about Spiral's design, and I'm going to be making an effort to design both the command line version *and* a new project in tandem.

Oh, why hide it? That's right, the Spiral Team[^6272656c6c61] will officially, for the first[^6d696c6b79] time, be supporting a GUI version of the Spiral Framework! 

Obviously, GUIs are far easier to use for the average person, which is part of why I've held off, funnily enough - I wanted to make sure we were in a state to make something that's 'feature complete' enough, but I realise that development is going to take longer than I'd hoped, and this at least enables people to work alongside with us as we go.

But no more. Spiral Sagittarius[^636f6e73697374656e6379] is officially in development! Slow development, but development none-the-less - can you really expect anything less of me?

In addition, due to the multiplatform nature of Triangulum's core, we're also **experimenting** with a web-based version, but I can't speak to how well it will work, honestly[^616e746c72].

{% inline elongated.html %}
## MHg1NzY4NjE3NCAweDY1NmM3MzY1IDB4Njk3MyAweDYzNmY2ZDY5NmU2NzNm
{% endinline %}

{% include xkcd.html comic=2244 comment="*That's right, along with Spiral Sagittarius we're also discounting everything in the String department*" %}

I don't have a lot else to really comment on at this time, I know the buildup might have seemed like it was for more - sorry about that!

But I *do* want to try and focus on getting something tangible out soon™️. It's a hard balance between showing *too* much, and not showing enough.

Once again, thank you for all your patience with both me, and this project. The last month or two in particular have been devastating, but things are slowly starting to ease up, and I'm excited to dive right back in.

Leading up to a demo release of Sagittarius, I want to try and put out a collection of blog posts describing the development process, since people like these allegedly? I've got some interesting writeups, especially as we start tackling more and more esoteric areas of development.

For now, let's try and compile Spiral, and see ho--

Oh.

I've, uh, got to go.

<!--| Ides 9 + 202C2E |-->
{% include xkcd.html comic=2207 comment="***Tqngoxx,wx,n.gjwmgqnjmn .gjuugoxuuxcg,qng.jvngyj,,n wigcr,qgxwuegxwngnd, jg.,nyhgT egjwmgorpa ngxa,gcqj,gr,gr.igkn.,gpan..gcrw.gnj uegjlln..g,xgSjpr,,j ra.***" %}

---

[^596573]: Yes, another one, shut up.
[^6272656c6c61]: Me, Brella, and I.
[^6d696c6b79]: We don't count the [Milky Way](https://wiki.spiralframework.info/Version_History#Spiral_-_Milky_Way).
[^636f6e73697374656e6379]: If you've figured out the naming scheme, congrats! Don't spoil it, and don't call me out for inconsistency. Technically I should rename the Milky Way since it was a GUI release, but I'm not doing that this late.
[^616e746c72]: <blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-conversation="none" data-dnt="true" data-theme="dark"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Theres one other option I could try that&#39;s not *totally* gross? But still kinda gross (do the antlr stuff in javascript, return as json, deserialise in kotlin)</p>&mdash; Brella #80aDay 📦 🏳️‍⚧️ (@undermybrella) <a href="https://twitter.com/undermybrella/status/1509908051939454979?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">April 1, 2022</a></blockquote>